GH-96073: Fix wild replacement in formatannotation (#96074)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-08-29-12-35-28.gh-issue-96073.WaGstf.rst

> Fix inspect formatannotation wild replacement on ``repr(typing_obj)``

Reviewer: This doesn't really tell users what the change does. Suggestion:
```suggestion
In :mod:`inspect`, fix overeager replacement of "`typing.`" in formatting annotations.
```
